[datadog_synthetics_test] Add renotify occurrences option (#2820)
DataDog/terraform-provider-datadog: docs/resources/synthetics_test.md

- `escalation_message` (String)
- `notification_preset_name` (String) Valid values are `show_all`, `hide_all`, `hide_query`, `hide_handles`.
- `renotify_interval` (Number) Specify a renotification frequency in minutes. Values available by default are `0`, `10`, `20`, `30`, `40`, `50`, `60`, `90`, `120`, `180`, `240`, `300`, `360`, `720`, `1440`. Defaults to `0`.

> - `renotify_occurrences` (Number) The number of times a monitor re-notifies. It can only be set if renotify_interval is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `renotify_occurrences` (Number) The number of times a monitor renotifies. It can only be set if `renotify_interval` is set.
```

Optional:

- `renotify_interval` (Number) Specify a renotification frequency in minutes. Values available by default are `0`, `10`, `20`, `30`, `40`, `50`, `60`, `90`, `120`, `180`, `240`, `300`, `360`, `720`, `1440`. Defaults to `0`.

> - `renotify_occurrences` (Number) The number of times a monitor re-notifies. It can only be set if renotify_interval is set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `renotify_occurrences` (Number) The number of times a monitor renotifies. It can only be set if `renotify_interval` is set.
```
